TITLE: Ryan Armstrong, Section D, Astro Attack
PROBLEM DESCRIPTION:Just like Space Invaders, in Astro Attack, the player controls the lone ship
defending the Earth from the incoming alien invasion. The player can move their ship left and 
right, and can fire lasers forwards in a straight line with spacebar. Only 1 laser can be on
the screen at once.The wave of alien spaceships starts at the top of the screen and slowly moves 
left to right towards the bottom of the screen, where the player is. The player gains 10 points 
per alien destroyed and the player loses if the aliens reach the "danger zone" represented by 
the red line at the bottom of the screen. If the player earns a score higher than the hi score,
displayed next to the player score, the hi score is updated and saved in a text file.
PROGRAM DOCUMENTATION: Left and Right arrow keys move the ship left and right respectively.
Spacebar fires a laser as long as one does not already exist on the screen. The player
can exit by clicking the red x in the top right corner of the window.
Potential additions: Menu screen, animated enemies, more types of enemies worth different points,
sound effects, enemies fire lasers at the player, player has 3 lives, restart button, multiple
levels with scaling difficulty, random flying saucer at the top (like in Space Invaders)
TESTS: Test 1: The player does not destroy any aliens. The player earns 0 points and the Game Over
screen appears. The player loses control of their ship upon losing. The hi score is not updated.
Test 2: The player destroys 10 aliens, earning 100 points and updating the hi score to 50. The Game
Over screen displays once the lowest row of aliens reaches the danger zone.
Test 3: The player destroys 5 aliens, earning 50 points. The hi score is not updated. The Game Over
screen displays once the aliens reach the danger zone.
Test 4: The player destroys 54 aliens, earning 540 points, but allowing 1 alien through. The Game
Over screen displays once that alien reaches the danger zone. The hi score updates to 540.
Test 5: The player destroys 55 aliens, earning 550 points and destroying all aliens. The Game Over
screen does not display. The hi score is updated to 550.
REFELCTIONS: I learned how to make a game in C++ using SFML! I learned how to use many of SFML's
classes and functions such as RectangleShape, Texture, Sprite, and Text. I learned how to make 
use of multiple complex classes and helper classes to all come together to create one big working
game. Maximizing framerate was an issue for me, but I was able to combat this a bit by ensuring
long loops were not crowded with many actions. I also learned how to use sstream to turn integers
into text to be displayed. If I made another project in C++, I would definitely make another game,
but would look for alternatives to SFML, as it seems unoptimized for having a good performing game.
Alternatively, I would look into ways I could optimize my code to run the game smoothly at 60fps
minimum.